The Joe Rogan experience.
Luckily, I'm staying with my friends out here and they super healthy.
So that's felt good. But right after this, I'm going on a mentor.
Yeah. Who do you.
Know out here? My friend, Julia and Jake. They're super sweet.
I it's funny because I met Julia through my Paton. She was like,
you know, followed me on Paton.
And I didn't know you had a Patreon. Yeah, I have a, I have a.
Do you? No, Peton the closest I'll get <laugh> Paton is the closest. I'll.
Get how many gals have turned to only fans during the pandemic. So many.
Quite a few have show the I've thought about it a couple times. I was like,
do I? How do I saw, how does.
That work though? Because like someone can always, they save those pictures.
I know. That's why would never do it? Yeah.
If it was like top secret and you know, just between I say, yeah, here you go.
Don't tell anyone.
Yeah. It's a weird thing. Right? Cause, and.
Also I'm, I'm too sensitive if I like posted, oh, I have an only fans now.
And like two people joined. One of 'em being my mom, cuz she's supportive.
I'd be like this hurts.
I know this lady that started only fans. I think,
I don't know if she was doing it for money or just desperate or just wanted,
just wanted to do it. I don't know. But uh, she got all this hate.
It was really interesting to see. And uh, even from her own family,
like people furious at her for showing her. That's crazy.
Yeah. If you have good TIS and you don't mind showing 'em yeah.
It's a weird thing. Like why, why is everybody mad?
It's one thing it's if like your, if your wife starts showing her, you're like,
Hey.
That's mine. Yeah. Hey, have.
A ring saying.
Hey that that's our, our that's our. Cut it.
Out. Yeah. But if you're it's your sister or something like that,
like I don't think you're allowed to say anything. Can't get mad at her.
You know? Like I don't understand the getting mad part. What are you mad at?
Yeah.
I don't, I think it's a great way for people to make money if they can.
It's saturated. So it's hard. You have to really like hustle.
Like that becomes your business.
This girl who works for Brendan chop makes like a hundred thousand dollars a
month showing her feet. Yeah.
I, I.
Need a, really's got a foot porn thing.
I was trying. There's.
No more also Jamie chimes in there's weird. Huh?
I was waiting for an end. Jamie you a few. There's no more like, uh, Hey,
she's doing Playboy. Did you hear she's doing Playboy? You know, like your.
Playboy anymore. It's.
There's not even an option for it. So maybe like.
There's Playboy,
but they're like mostly doing articles and like nice photo shoots.
There's not really much that used to be a.
Big thing. They'd like make a big, huge offer, you know? And then like someone.
Right? Like a famous person would show their TIS. Yeah, yeah. Yeah.
I remember that. Like didn't deme more do it. And yeah.
Bunch of like Kim Kardashian. Yeah. Like actress is and famous people.
Like if Playboy was classy mm-hmm <affirmative> like, Ooh, she's in Playboy.
Ooh. It was a big deal.
Classy. A big girl, a famous girl in wrestling. Did it S Sabel when I was.
Younger, she was married to block Brock love. There's.
Huge. Like there's a huge deal. Huge. But that was like, you know,
that couldn't be a thing. Now. She just do only fans that make really.
Quick. Well, that's the thing is these gals are make like that bad Barbie girl,
bad baby. Whatever it is. Oh, how do you say it? Baha, baby. Is it baby?
It's not bad. Barbie. Nope. Bad baby.
She spells it with an H.
After the, the cash me outside girl. How about that? How about that?
That girl made a million dollars in.
Six hours. She claims that's right. I've heard,
she claims she's call her a liar.
It sounds like some.
People are very cynical about it. Like she's claiming she made that,
but like a lot of other girls who are on there will show their,
their receipts receipt. Yeah. Like here it says on the top 0.0, zero, 1% on.
That's.
Weird too. Showing your receipts. Like I would feel like if you did that,
people would stop giving you money. I know you have.
To be like, I'm not making too much. It's a small, it's a small group.
It down. I,
or maybe they want to contribute to it because it's exciting because your girl
is number one. Right? Like maybe there's a lot of time. It's like.
Rooting for a team in the NFL. You're.
Like go bad, baby. Yeah.
If you only gotta give her 10 bucks a month or whatever is catch new episodes
that Joe Rogan experience for free only on Spotify,
watch back catalog JRE videos on Spotify,
including clips easily seamlessly switch between video
and audio experience on Spotify.
You can listen to the JRE in the background while using other apps and can
download episodes to save on data cost. All for free.
Spotify is absolutely free.
You don't have to have a premium account to watch new JRE episodes.
You just need to search for the JRE on your Spotify app.
Go to Spotify now to get this full episode of the Joe Rogan experience.